---

copyright:
  years: 2015, 2020
lastupdated: "2020-04-14"

keywords: service instance, resource group, migration process, migrated service instances, migration works

subcollection: GlobalizationPipeline

---

{:new_window: target="_blank"}
{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen: .screen}
{:pre: .pre}
{:table: .aria-labeledby="caption"}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:tip: .tip}
{:download: .download}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}


# Migrating {{site.data.keyword.GlobalizationPipeline_short}} service instances to a resource group
{: #rg-migration}

Existing {{site.data.keyword.GlobalizationPipeline_short}} CF instance users have 3 months (from the date RC/IAM version is available in production) to migrate to RC/IAM compatible version of service.


## Before you begin
{: #prereqs}

Before you start to migrate your {{site.data.keyword.GlobalizationPipeline_short}} service instances, you should know that all the data for the service instance is preserved. You don't lose anything. After migration, you can see your service instances in the same state as they were before migration.

For an overview of the migration process, see [Migrating Cloud Foundry service instances to a resource group](/docs/resources?topic=resources-migrate){: external}.

## Steps for migration
{: #gp_steps_migration}

1. Open the **More actions** menu.
2. Select **Migrate** to a resource group to get started.
3. Select a resource group.
4. Click **Migrate** and the instance is migrated for you.

**Note:** You can migrate only one instance at a time, so you can continue migrating eligible instances after you successfully migrate the first one.

## Next steps
{: #nextsteps}

You see migrated service instances in the **Services** section of your resource list. The alias stays in the Cloud Foundry section of the resource list. This is an in-place migration, so all the instance data and credentials are preserved. You can continue to use the credentials generated by original CF instance.

For more information on how migration works, see [How migration works](/docs/resources?topic=resources-migrate#how){: external}.
