---

copyright:
  years: 2015, 2018
lastupdated: "2017-07-19"


---

{:new_window: target="_blank"}
{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen:.screen}
{:codeblock:.codeblock}

# Machine translation configuration
{: #machineconfig}

{{site.data.keyword.GlobalizationPipeline_full}} supports the ability to integrate alternative machine translation services to perform the machine translation for your bundles. Adding an alternative service can be beneficial if the default engine utilized by {{site.data.keyword.GlobalizationPipeline_short}} does not offer a specific language that you need or if you prefer the machine translations that are generated by a different engine. Use of and charges for alternative services are covered under the terms of those services.

To add and configure an alternative machine translation service for {{site.data.keyword.GlobalizationPipeline_short}}, select the **Machine Translation Configuration** tab from the {{site.data.keyword.GlobalizationPipeline_short}} dashboard.

* To add a machine translation service that is in the {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} catalog, (**Watson Language Translator**), the service must first be added to your {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} space.

* To add a third party service, select the button for that service on the **Machine Translation Configuration** tab and provide the user credentials required to access the service.

After a machine translation service has been added to {{site.data.keyword.GlobalizationPipeline_short}}, complete the remaining steps to complete the integration of that service.

1. Click **Enable** to turn on the integration with that service.

2. Click **Update Languages** to view the an updated list of supported target languages.

3. From the list of target languages, select the machine translation engine which should perform the translation.

4. Click **Save** to return to the **Machine Translation Configuration** tab.

Once an alternative service has been configured with {{site.data.keyword.GlobalizationPipeline_short}}, all target languages that have been assigned to that engine will begin to be generated using that engine. 

To stop using an alternative machine translation engine:

1. From the **Machine Translation Configuration** tab, click the **Disable** button for the service you want to stop using.

Once an alternative machine translation service is disabled, all translations that have been generated by the service will remain within your bundles. However, translation into a particular target language many not be available for future updates if the target language is no longer supported by the machine translation engine that is currently enabled.

<!-- Review comment: When you disable an engine, do you need to go back and reconfigure the languages?? Does it go back to the default engine? What happens? -->
